chore(README): remove outdated warning to debs (#1336)
pacstall/pacstall: README.md

### Features

* Supports creating native packages from binaries, git repositories, appimages,
release artifacts, and `.deb` packages.
* Create high quality prebuilt `.deb` packages for distribution to users.
* During upgrades, you always get the latest build off of the latest commit
from the developer for `-git` packages. No need to wait for the pacscript
maintainer to update the script!
* Ability to install programs from multiple repositories instead of a sole
centralized repository.
* Powerful and expressive package recipe format.

---

### Installing

We offer 3 ways to install Pacstall:

1. From a bash script:

```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://pacstall.dev/q/install || wget -q https://pacstall.dev/q/install -O -)"
```

2. From [the PPR](https://ppr.pacstall.dev):

```bash
sudo apt install pacstall
```

3. From a `.deb` in our [release assets](https://github.com/pacstall/pacstall/releases/latest).

### Uninstalling

If you installed Pacstall from the bash script, you can run the command below. If you are unsure how you installed Pacstall, please run `pacstall -U`. If it displays an error message, you have installed it with APT.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If you installed Pacstall with APT, please make sure to remove any unwanted packages with `pacstall -R foo` before uninstalling. You can run `pacstall -L` to list the currently installed packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you installed Pacstall with APT, please make sure to remove any unwanted packages with `pacstall -R pkgname` before uninstalling. You can run `pacstall -L` to list the packages currently installed though pacstall.
```
